c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GameFont.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\snd_collect_points.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\snd_music.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\snd_shoot_paint.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_background.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_ball_blue.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_ball_green.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_ball_red.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_cannon_barrel.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_cannon_blue.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_cannon_green.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_cannon_red.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_can_blue.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_can_green.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_can_red.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_gameover.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_lives.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_scorebar.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\snd_collect_points.wma
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Content\snd_music.wma
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\PainterFramework.exe
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\PainterFramework.pdb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\GameManagement.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\obj\x86\Debug\PainterFramework.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\obj\x86\Debug\PainterFramework.exe
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\PainterFramework\obj\x86\Debug\PainterFramework.pdb
